README.md, before:

# Running in local
```shell script
JAVA_HOME="/opt/homebrew/opt/openjdk@21/libexec/openjdk.jdk/Contents/Home" ./mvnw quarkus:dev
curl -d "{\"name\":\"John\"}" -X POST http://localhost:8080
```

# code-with-quarkus

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: <https://quarkus.io/>.

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```shell script
./mvnw quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at <http://localhost:8080/q/dev/>.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:

```shell script
./mvnw package
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.jar.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult <https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling>.

## Related Guides

- AWS Lambda ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/aws-lambda)): Write AWS Lambda functions

## Provided Code

### Amazon Lambda Integration example

This example contains a Quarkus Greeting Lambda ready for Amazon.

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/aws-lambda)

Commit message:

add documentation links to README

README.md, after:

# Running in local
```shell script
JAVA_HOME="/opt/homebrew/opt/openjdk@21/libexec/openjdk.jdk/Contents/Home" ./mvnw quarkus:dev
curl -d "{\"name\":\"John\"}" -X POST http://localhost:8080
```

# Documentation based
For created: https://code.quarkus.io
For set api: https://dev.to/aws-heroes/quarkus-3-application-on-aws-lambda-part-8-rest-api-application-3p4
More details: https://medium.com/rapaduratech/criando-um-serviço-com-quarkus-e-publicando-na-aws-lambda-457081532ca1

# code-with-quarkus

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: <https://quarkus.io/>.

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```shell script
./mvnw quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at <http://localhost:8080/q/dev/>.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:

```shell script
./mvnw package
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.jar.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/code-with-quarkus-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult <https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling>.

## Related Guides

- AWS Lambda ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/aws-lambda)): Write AWS Lambda functions

## Provided Code

### Amazon Lambda Integration example

This example contains a Quarkus Greeting Lambda ready for Amazon.

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/aws-lambda)
